# Datasets

### [MNIST](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/index.html)

The MNIST database of handwritten digits, available from this page, has a training set of 60,000 examples, and a test set of 
10,000 examples. It is a subset of a larger set available from NIST. The digits have been size-normalized and centered in a fixed-size image.

### [Credit Card Defaults](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/default+of+credit+card+clients#)

This research aimed at the case of customers default payments in Taiwan and compares the predictive accuracy of 
probability of default among six data mining methods. From the perspective of risk management, the result of predictive 
accuracy of the estimated probability of default will be more valuable than the binary result of classification - credible or not 
credible clients. Because the real probability of default is unknown, this study presented the novel Sorting Smoothing 
Method to estimate the real probability of default. With the real probability of default as the response variable (Y), and 
the predictive probability of default as the independent variable (X), the simple linear regression result (Y = A + BX) shows 
that the forecasting model produced by artificial neural network has the highest coefficient of determination; its regression 
intercept (A) is close to zero, and regression coefficient (B) to one. Therefore, among the six data mining techniques, 
artificial neural network is the only one that can accurately estimate the real probability of default.


### [Real Estate Valuation](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Real+estate+valuation+data+set)

The market historical data set of real estate valuation are collected from Sindian Dist., New Taipei City, Taiwan. The real 
estate valuationù is a regression problem. The data set was randomly split into the training data set (2/3 samples) and 
the testing data set (1/3 samples).


### [Travel Reviews (Google Reviews)](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Travel+Reviews)

This data set is populated by capturing user ratings from Google reviews. Reviews on attractions from 24 categories across Europe are 
considered. Google user rating ranges from 1 to 5 and average user rating per category is calculated.

### [Facebook Likes](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Facebook+metrics)

The data is related to posts' published during the year of 2014 on the Facebook's page of a renowned cosmetics brand. 
This dataset contains 500 of the 790 rows and part of the features analyzed by Moro et al. (2016). The remaining were 
omitted due to confidentiality issues.It includes 7 features known prior to post publication and 12 features for evaluating 
post impact.

### Pima Indians Diabetes

This dataset was originally from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. It was also presented as 
a Kaggle problem where the objective was to predict the onset of diabetes whether a patient has diabetes or not based on 
certain diagnostic measurements.

### [Video Game Sales](https://github.com/GregorUT/vgchartzScrape)

This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.

### [House Prices: Advanced Regression](https://www.kaggle.com/c/house-prices-advanced-regression-techniques)

Ask a home buyer to describe their dream house, and they probably won't begin with the height of the basement ceiling or the 
proximity to an east-west railroad. But this playground competition's dataset proves that much more influences price negotiations 
than the number of bedrooms or a white-picket fence.

This dataset includes  79 explanatory variables describing (almost) every aspect of residential homes in Ames, Iowa, this competition 
challenges you to predict the final price of each home.

### Titanic

### IBM Sales

